Design and implement an interactive Development Phase card that automates code setup and confirmation flow.
The phase should simulate backend logic for creating repositories, generating code, tracking commits, and progressing toward build readiness.

🧩 Functional Flow

Step 1 — “Create Repo” Button

On click:

Auto-create a new repository named after the current project (e.g., project-name-repo).

Display repo name and link in the panel.

Initialize two branches:

main (stable branch)

dev (development branch)

Pull approved design assets from the Golden Repo.

Auto-generate initial code and push to the dev branch.

Log the first commit with timestamp and summary.

Update the Development Phase dashboard:

🔗 Repository: project-name-repo

🌿 Branches: main, dev

💾 Commits: 1 (auto-generated)

📁 Code: Generated and pushed to dev

👁️ Preview: Show “Local Preview” link with generated output summary.

Step 2 — Progress Tracker

Display a dynamic progress bar updating as each sub-step completes:

Repo created → 20%

Branches created → 20%

Code generated → 30%

Commit logged → 20%

Preview ready → 10%

Progress label example: Development Progress: 90%.

Step 3 — “View Checkpoint” Button

When clicked:

Open a modal showing a Development Summary View:

Repository: project-name-repo
Branches: [main, dev]
Commits: 3
Code: Pushed to dev branch
Local Preview: Active


Display confirmation checklist for reviewers (Business / Technical / QA).

Include “Ready to Build” button to finalize confirmation.

Step 4 — “Ready to Build” Button

When clicked:

Validates if all 3 confirmations are received.

Marks Development Phase as ✅ Complete.

Triggers automated transition to Integration Phase.

Displays message: “Development confirmed — proceeding to Integration setup.”

🧠 Additional Logic & Display

Each action (repo creation, branch setup, commit, preview) should log a timestamp.

Sync all updates with ADO work items and Golden Repo metadata.

Show overall Development Phase summary in structured format:

{
  "phase": "Development",
  "repository": "project-name-repo",
  "branches": ["main", "dev"],
  "commits": 3,
  "preview": "active",
  "status": "Ready to Build"
}


⚙️ Goal: Enable one-click automation from repo creation to build readiness, ensuring full visibility, traceability, and confirmation before Integration Phase.